That\'s a shame. They were good employers. Loved the grounds, estate, and their children. I 
don\'t think I\'ll ever find a pair as nice as those two. They even let me stay here, rent-free, with a 
generous stipend. It\'s helped put my daughter through school.;
He shakes his head. I don\'t know why anyone would do something like that, and so gruesomely too!;
Look, I was the one called it in after I heard Caleb scream. The poor boy. I heard some noises 
last night, but I knew the Mr. and Mrs. liked to get rough sometimes. So I didn\’t think much of it.
Alfred, shakes his head, Guess I should have done something or went looking.;
I was asleep when they were murdered. I didn\’t do it.;
So, you figured out I was involved?! Well, now you die.;
Caleb looks ready to break down into tears, I can\'t believe anyone could kill Mommy and Dad. 
They were such generous, kind people. I remember waking up to this weird copper odor, and 
walked into their bedroom and saw them just lying there, torn to pieces.;
I, uhhh, we were planning on taking a trip to St. Moritz after the Thanksgiving Holiday. I had some 
time off from work and was looking forward to going skiing. I suppose that\’s not happening now;
You know, Mr. Brown has been acting very strangely lately. You might want to talk to him.;
What are you talking about? I couldn\’t have done this! Get out and leave me alone.;
I might be complicit somehow, but you can\’t prove anything!;
Good employers. Mr. Summerworth was a very kind man. He treated his servants and 
assistants like family.;
He did make some powerful enemies though. It really is no surprise that someone did this. To 
me at least.;
I heard screaming, so I went to investigate the bedroom. Alfred and Caleb were already there.
I was in my quarters all night, and I am a heavy sleeper and wear earplugs, so I didn\’t hear 
anything before that.;
It is impossible that I would do something this barbaric. I bid you to leave.;
THE ONE WHO SLEEPS WILL EAT YOUR SOUL!!!!;